1. Title: Final project
2. Author: Sanghee Kim

3.Disclaimer: I used source code written by Willem A. (Vlakkies) Schreuder
CSCI4229/5229 Fall 2014 as base source code.

4. Key bindings:
  l/L        Toggle lighting
  []         Lower/rise light
  s/S        Toggle light movement
  a/A        Toggle axes
  arrows     Change view angle
  PgDn/PgUp  Zoom in and out
  0          Reset view angle
  ESC        Exit

  g/G        Toggle growing network
  r/R        Toggle rotating scene
  f/F        Toggle fog

5. Background:
This program shows developers' relationship by analyzing commits in a
repository by reading two csv files, which are vertices.csv and
edges.csv. Those csv files can be generated by the following project
written by myself in 2014 for my project.

- https://github.com/sangheestyle/flatiron

This program is a 3D version of the following graph presentation written
in javascript D3, written by myself.

- http://bl.ocks.org/sangheestyle/a63916effde2dfffb298

6. Objective
This program shows developer's relationship by showing growing network
by time. So we can see how developers work together continuously and
who is the hub or key person of a project from the beginning of project
to now.

If vertices are just cube, it means they did not contribute much. But,
if vertices are cowboys, it means they contributed much, and
they are seemingly important developers in the project.


6. Things I am proud of and want Professor to take note of:
I wanted to do and show what I learned from class. Especially,

a. Normal
b. Lightning
c. Texture
d. Fog
e. Obj exported by Blender
f. Timer function

I have integrated all of them into this program which is showing
my interest area in my Masterss degree. Comparing to 2D graph program,
this shows more dynamic scenery.

Additionally, I intentionally did not apply texture on trees and cubes
(vertices). This is because, when I applied texture on them, graph seemed
to be too much complicated. However, all the objects have their own
texture.

7. Misc
I shared some screen shots of this program with my friends, and they who
are software developers told me that they enjoyed 3D version of
developers' graph.
